Add NRT garbage collector (#1024)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/deployment/helm.md

| `topologyUpdater.config`                      | dict   |         | [configuration](../reference/topology-updater-configuration-reference)                                                                                                                                |

### Topology garbage collector parameters

| Name                                          | Type   | Default | description                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|-----------------------------------------------|--------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `topologyGC.*`                                | dict   |         | NFD Topology Garbage Collector configuration                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `topologyGC.enable`                           | bool   | false   | Specifies whether the NFD Topology Garbage Collector should be created                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Enable by default. Also mention topologyupdater

```suggestion
| `topologyGC.enable`                           | bool   | true   | Specifies whether the NFD Topology Garbage Collector should be created, only takes effect when `topologyUpdater.enable` is `true`                                                                                                                               |
```

Author: done
